"Quantum Development Techniques" section overview page (#650)
MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-pr: articles/techniques/index.md

# Quantum Development Techniques

> This section of our documentation details the core concepts used to create quantum programs in Q#, and to interact with those programs from classical .NET applications.

Reviewer: Do we want to keep the previous phrasing about "classical .NET applications," or do we want to broaden a bit to reflect Python host functionality and Jupyter Notebooks?
```suggestion
This section of our documentation details the core concepts used to create quantum programs in Q#, and to interact with those programs from classical applications.
```

> We assume *some* knowledge of quantum computing concepts, like those described in [Quantum computing concepts](xref:microsoft.quantum.concepts.intro), but you needn't be an expert in quantum computing to get a lot from these sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume *some* knowledge of quantum computing concepts, like those described in [Quantum computing concepts](xref:microsoft.quantum.concepts.intro), but you need not be an expert in quantum computing to get a lot from these sections.
```

	Rather, Q# was designed with an eye on the future, and its programs describe how a classical control computer *interacts* with qubits. 

- [Operations and functions](xref:microsoft.quantum.techniques.opsandfunctions) details the two callable types of the Q# language: *operations*, which include action on qubits and quantum systems; and *functions*, which strictly work with classical information. 
	Without both classical and quantum information working in tandem, quantum computing would remain out of reach. 
	This section describes how to define and use these callables within the control flow of a Q# program.

- [Local variables](xref:microsoft.quantum.techniques.local-variables) describes the role of variables within Q# programs and how to leverage them effectively. 
	In particular, you will learn the difference between immutable/mutable variables and how to assign/re-assign them.

- [Working with qubits](xref:microsoft.quantum.techniques.qubits) describes the features of Q# that you can use to address individual qubits and systems of qubits. 

> 	Specifically, that entails their allocation, or blocking off a certain number of qubits for an operation or program to use; performing operations on them; and ultimately their measurement. 

Reviewer: I can't quite put my finger on it, sorry, but "blocking off" feels a bit awkward here?

Author: @cgranade I know what you mean. Looking back on it, I feel like it's not totally necessary to explain what "allocation" means here. Perhaps just this?
```suggestion
	Specifically, that entails allocating qubits, performing operations on them, and ultimately their measurement. 
```

Reviewer: I think that works pretty well, yeah.

> 	Additionally, you will learn some useful control-flow techniques.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Additionally, you will learn some useful control flow techniques.
```

- In [Putting it all together](xref:microsoft.quantum.techniques.puttingittogether), you will leverage the techniques from the sections above to create a program which performs **quantum teleportation**: using two classical bits to "teleport" the full state of one qubit onto another.

- [Going further](xref:microsoft.quantum.techniques.going-further) introduces advanced techniques that can prove helpful as you move toward more complex quantum programming. 

> 	In particular, we discuss the use of *generic* operations and functions in Q#, which enable higher-order control flow by remaining agnostic to the specific types of their input/output, as well as *borrowing* qubits. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	In particular, we discuss the use of *type-parameterized* operations and functions in Q#, which enable higher-order control flow by remaining agnostic to the specific types of their input/output, as well as *borrowing* qubits. 
```

	The latter differs from basic qubit allocation in that a Q# operation may use "dirty" qubits---qubits not necessarily initialized to a known state---to assist computations.

> - [Testing and debugging](xref:microsoft.quantum.techniques.testing-and-debugging) details some techniques for making sure your code is doing what it is supposed to. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Testing and debugging](xref:microsoft.quantum.techniques.testing-and-debugging) details some techniques for making sure your code is doing what it is supposed to do. 
```
